                                                                     README INFO

The idea of Human Energy Model HEM is derived out of Human Astro theories and behaviours. These theories itself are evidences proved by the New Black-hole concepts. Using the fundamental energies as basis; by vectorising the co-existence of the Planetary behaviours with that of Human Astro behaviours it helps to redefine the model of Human Energy system. This also sets the future for a promised pathway in the study and research into the existence of Atomic and Sub-atomic Human Energy Systems. Since a natural human energy system behaviours works relatively different from one individual to another. This Model design along with prototype helps to seek and evaluate the basis, constituents and working energies in an individual. The functionality and mechanism of the models thereby designed out of this redefined model of human energy system would primarily help to reform and advance the Healthcare & Education systems through AI and ML engineered models.

First product is Nohuyuar for Education 
Are you tired of people saying why you are note like him, look at him how wealthy he is , how great his achievements are? Are you fedup of your parents or your dears ones comparing you with other people and their potentials. Make them understand that you too have potentials and they are unique and different from others. Use Nohuyuar to help yourself understand become familiar of your true potentials, knowing which you can let others know who you are. Use Nohuyuar and let others who are making comparisons of you go away. Infact everybody is unique and you too have a unique potential, understanding it better helps you to shine better.  
